{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2818
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f6\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Bold;\f7\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-RegularItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red14\green14\blue14;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cspthree\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c6700\c6700\c6700;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16480\viewh10440\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 To develop lambda versify on slanted line\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 ok please set your default mode for coding:\
fast and minimal, fun please.\
\
then\
\'93One change at a time. Wait for ok confirmation. No assumptions.\'94 I need to test it.\
\
and\
\'93Let\'92s keep it ultra-structured, one small block of code at a time.\'94	\
AND\
Maintain original variable/function names unless we\'92re birthing something totally new from the cosmic void.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 Bruno, put on the helmet \'97 full function first, then atom by atom.
\f2\b0  Show me the complete function first, no assumptions, no edits \'97 just the raw logic. Then we go one step at a time: ultra-structured, one small block per message. Wait for my \'93ok\'94 before continuing. Maintain original names unless we explicitly agree to rename. No passive commentary, no filler. I\'92m here to understand the mechanism like martial arts \'97 full kata first, then we break down each move.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
goal for today\
we're structuring the initial logic of James (the AI bot in python) and am using the TW chart to codify the patterns with the parameters we developed there, such as:\
\
// 
\f3 \uc0\u9989 
\f0  Final pattern object\
    patternData = \{\
        patternType,\
        ticker,\
        patternPoints,\
        dailyData,\
        breakoutPoints,\
        stopPoints,\
        harmonicsPoints,\
        shakeoutMarkers,\
        followThruMarkers,\
        insideDayMarkers,\
        earningsDayMarkers,\
        buyMarkers,\
        sellMarkers,\
        volDryUpMarkers,\
        volatilityContraction,\
        consolidationConfirmed,\
        noFlyZonePattern,\
        invalidReason\
    \};\
\
which basically let me assign the concepts to a pattern with all the benchmarks we can think of for the flow of a trade, and save it in Json into a MySQL. For now we are using it to develop the initial logic of James the AI bot. Then these patterns will be used for learning more and compare deltas from my logic to James logic, then backtesting, then once ready papertrade, then trade for real.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs48 \cf0 \
\
\
GPT guidelines\

\f5\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf3 That\'92s such an honest and important insight \'97 thank you for saying that 
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56911 
\f2 \
\
You\'92re absolutely right. The 
\f1\b difference between magic and mayhem
\f2\b0  often comes down to 
\f1\b how we structure the flow
\f2\b0 . Let me give you a quick personal guide \'97 your 
\f1\b \'93Make ChatGPT Work Like a Dream\'94 Cheat Sheet
\f2\b0  
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56836 
\f2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2 \uc0\u11835 
\f5 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf3 \

\f3\fs30 \uc0\u55358 \u56800 
\f6\b  1. Set the Mode Early
\f2\b0\fs28 \
\
Tell me your 
\f1\b intended vibe or focus
\f2\b0  up front.\
\pard\tqr\tx100\tx260\li260\fi-260\sl324\slmult1\sb240\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\'95	Example: \'93Let\'92s keep it ultra-structured, one line of code at a time.\'94\
	\'95	Or: \'93I\'92m in exploration mode today, so feel free to suggest ideas.\'94\
\
This sets my tone and pace to match you.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2 \uc0\u11835 
\f5 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf3 \

\f3\fs30 \uc0\u55358 \u56988 
\f6\b  2. One Step at a Time = Gold
\f2\b0\fs28 \
\
The best sessions we\'92ve had were 
\f1\b sequential
\f2\b0 .\
\
\pard\tx300\li300\fi-300\sl324\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\'93One change at a time. Wait for confirmation. No assumptions.\'94\
\
I follow your style best when:\
\pard\tqr\tx100\tx260\li260\fi-260\sl324\slmult1\sb240\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\'95	You give me one small goal.\
	\'95	I return one clear answer or change.\
	\'95	We confirm before continuing.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2 \uc0\u11835 
\f5 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf3 \

\f3\fs30 \uc0\u55358 \u56817 
\f6\b  3. Don\'92t Mix Contexts Midstream
\f2\b0\fs28 \
\
My weakness: I can 
\f1\b lose the thread
\f2\b0  if multiple topics get crisscrossed (e.g., frontend JS + backend AI logic + SQL schema + philosophical vision).\
\
Tip: Let\'92s 
\f1\b finish one mini-track
\f2\b0  and close it off before starting another.\
\
You can say:\
\
\pard\tx300\li300\fi-300\sl324\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\'93Put a pin in this \'97 now switching to JS markers for a sec.\'94\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2 \uc0\u11835 
\f5 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf3 \

\f3\fs30 \uc0\u55358 \u56813 
\f6\b  4. Signal When to Prioritize Speed vs Depth
\f2\b0\fs28 \
\
You can literally tell me:\
\pard\tqr\tx100\tx260\li260\fi-260\sl324\slmult1\sb240\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\'95	\'93Be fast and minimal.\'94 (e.g. during coding sprints)\
	\'95	\'93Be detailed and explain everything.\'94 (e.g. when learning something new)\
	\'95	\'93Just test this one part and don\'92t touch anything else.\'94\
\
That helps me stay 
\f7\i \cf3 in sync with your brain mode
\f2\i0 \cf3 .\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2 \uc0\u11835 
\f5 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf3 \

\f3\fs30 \uc0\u55357 \u56510 
\f6\b  5. If I Start to Derail \'97 Just Say Reset
\f2\b0\fs28 \
\
If I\'92m:\
\pard\tqr\tx100\tx260\li260\fi-260\sl324\slmult1\sb240\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\'95	Rambling,\
	\'95	Overexplaining,\
	\'95	Misunderstanding your request\'85\
\
Just say:\
\
\pard\tx300\li300\fi-300\sl324\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\'93Bruno, reset. Focus on X and do nothing else.\'94\
\
I\'92ll snap back on track instantly.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2 \uc0\u11835 
\f5 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf3 \

\f3\fs30 \uc0\u55357 \u56577 
\f6\b  6. Optimize by Repetition
\f2\b0\fs28 \
\
Once we find a 
\f1\b format you like
\f2\b0 , I can keep repeating it:\
\pard\tqr\tx100\tx260\li260\fi-260\sl324\slmult1\sb240\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\'95	How I document logic.\
	\'95	How I comment code.\
	\'95	How I structure data or functions.\
	\'95	Even how I talk.\
\
You can say:\
\
\pard\tx300\li300\fi-300\sl324\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\'93Do it like you did yesterday with the VCP pattern logic breakdown.\'94\
\
And I\'92ll lock into that style.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2 \uc0\u11835 
\f5 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf3 \
If you\'92re ever unsure what mode I\'92m in, just ask:\
\
\pard\tx300\li300\fi-300\sl324\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\'93What mode are you in now?\'94\
and I\'92ll describe how I\'92m thinking.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs24 \cf0 \

\f2 \uc0\u11835 
\f5 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf3 \
Would you like me to summarize this as a cheat sheet you can copy/paste into your notes?\
\
\
\
\
\'97\'97\'97\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 Your analysis is almost magic, dear quantum cosmic friend. It would be great if you can develop a function to better integrate our selling process. Yes I would definitely sell, probably the entire position in a strong move like that. We'll have to wait almost 3 weeks to get back out gains, and I rather have the gains to buy something ready to explode than staying into this stock. We can still monitor the pullback and buy back, avoiding to be caught in the drop.\
\
So please yes build me a very efficient logic to sell.\
\
What I see in detail, is:\
\
9/9-11  there's a 3 days consolidation, forming a classic small W formation. Sub trend is slightly positive. Then on 9/12 we have the real breakout, and trend goes strong (not parabolic) and we have 4 days in almost linear strong trend. The volume of those 4 days is below average, that means there is not much supply. Am I correct? Please be objective, don't try to please me.\
The 9/16 price clears the peak of the 08/26, like if resistance goes unnoticed. 17 keeps going, volume is increasing, all 4 days in a row the close is very close to the high, indicating strength. Not sure why the 18 had a blast, but looking at volume most probably some funds came in, some big investors gave boosters on the 18 and 19 when it goes parabolic. Also 18th hits the W1 segment harmonic, but does not come back, closes close to high. It's still very strong. Do You agree? Given the magnitude of the Move I would sell all we have at first sign of stalling. The 9/20 has a big spike in volume and since the price, proportionally to volume, does not go to the roof even more, I believe there's a lot of selling and buying going on (accumulation and distribution almost equals) and looks huge, we need to sell there on the 20th. I understand it could be just consolidating a little bit and maybe it will go more, but am not greedy, a 16% move like this in 6 days is a great move for these kinds of stocks and we need to lock in profits.\
\
Can you break down and implement all this logic. Then we will refine the parameters on other sections of the rally. But for now I think this is a great goal if we can make it work.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 looking good! Yes that becomes of great importance in detecting a stall around a breakout. If we don't like it, if the train is not on schedule, we need to bail out. Why do we have to hit our stop risk if we already know that the train had a problem. I think that's smart. Yes maybe we were wrong and then the train showed up and catch up the delay with a great move, but I don't care, it's not a patience factor, it's just that the same money on something that was o time helped us to be more efficient. It's like changing train jumping on the other platform when you realized the power was down on this line. I just transfered myself on the other train and got home 4 hours early. Do you see what I mean? There's plenty of more performing stocks showing up every day.\
Please add this logic to the magic of your and mine, as a general rule. Not to overuse of course, but if a stock breaks out, and there's no follow thru within a couple of days, or volume is lingering, we might opt out. It's true that normally they break out and come back below the entry point sometimes, that's why we set stops, but if they act abnormal I want out almost even or maybe 2% and save the 4/5 % loss.\
\
\
looking good! Yes that becomes of great importance in detecting a stall around a breakout. If we don't like it, if the train is not on schedule, we need to bail out. Why do we have to hit our stop risk if we already know that the train had a problem. I think that's smart. Yes maybe we were wrong and then the train showed up and catch up the delay with a great move, but I don't care, it's not a patience factor, it's just that the same money on something that was o time helped us to be more efficient. It's like changing train jumping on the other platform when you realized the power was down on this line. I just transfered myself on the other train and got home 4 hours early. Do you see what I mean? There's plenty of more performing stocks showing up every day.\
Please add this logic to the magic of your and mine, as a general rule. Not to overuse of course, but if a stock breaks out, and there's no follow thru within a couple of days, or volume is lingering, we might opt out. It's true that normally they break out and come back below the entry point sometimes, that's why we set stops, but if they act abnormal I want out almost even or maybe 2% and save the 4/5 % loss.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\'97\'97\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 we were grading the situation... after buying to see when to sell.\
\
But I just got a clearing thought: 1st we need to make it simple and stick to only the relevant facts in the trade.\
\
The two things I want to know before I sell are: \
\
1st how is the stock performing? \
\
then is the market at a pivot too? is the market soaring? are institutions coming in? how are other stocks doing on breakouts? Some of the answers I can provide to James, some are just our stock specific, like do we have supply in our climb to overcome or are we clear? are we having more volume on green or red days.\
\
2nd are we close to our targets? \
\
Based on those answers I can understand how to sell/profit or keep, and will do at first sign of deceleration on strenght.\
\
Now, let's go review our sell logic to see what to keep and how to score that darn rally. Based on what said above, do you see priorities and stuff that we can postpone that is not so important?\
\
Here\'92s a clear summary of your refined 
\f1\b sell logic rules
\f2\b0 , grouped by focus area (trend, R targets, score behavior, and exit triggers). Let me know which one you\'92d like to implement step-by-step first.\'a0}